Add descriptions to MDX frontmatter (#614)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/reference/codemods.mdx

---
title: Turborepo Codemods

> description: To refactor large-scale codebases, Turborepo offers incredible codemod transformations and migration scripts every time some feature is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: To make upgrading easier, Turborepo includes codemods and migration scripts.
```
